Streaming By ARCloud Api
[As if the power of timing was missed]
[そう まるで旬を過ぎたチカラのよう]
"I'm Up Alone, Season 2 - From the Shadows -
["It's as if I've missed the power of the moment.]
[そう まるで旬を過ぎたチカラのよう]
"I'm Up Alone, Season 2 - From the Shadows -
["Rotten to the core deeper またつ]
[Rotten to the core deeper また一つ]
[But I have reawakened for revenge]
[でも I have reawakened for revenge]
[Even this ridiculous rule together]
["Kono fuzaketaru ni datsu]
[They chew up and spit you out]
[## They chew up and spit you out ##]
[All that's left are cold corpses]
[## Statue will leave a body count ##]
[Newbie's Longing and Anxiety]
[The Longing and Anxiety of a Young Talent]
["Portrait of the Day of Darkness.]
["Portrait of the Day the Darkness Seeped In.]
[I give back the light]
[## It gimme what I please ##]
[As Juggs' ring]
["The Wheel of Gyges.]
[Cuz I'm back in this game]
[So let's go]
[Beyond the Established Script]
[With えられたシナリオ以上]
[Cuz I'm back in this game]
[We can survive]
["In the midst of the struggle, the pride of the hunter is tempered.]
[Mogaki-Rengeki-Chenmashita Hunter's pride]
[The pain inside us]
[(The pain is overwhelming.)]
[(Trillion and one G)]
[(Leaping like a spring)]
[(On a bungee)]
[Should never go away]
[(Crazy fans)]
[(All stan)]
[Should never go away]
[(Gradually, Making Waves)]
[(Swelling, my crescendo)]
[(See a window)]
["In the silence and the murmur.]
[雑念で Silence]
[(My miraculous story began)]
["In the silence and the murmur.]
[雑念で Silence]
[(Provin' it to Plato)]
[(That I won't go shallow)]
[Unstringable Fuse]
[Splendid fuse]
[(I will never give up easily)]
[(That I won't go shallow)]
[Unstringable Fuse]
[Splendid Fuse]
[(I'm gonna be a player)]
[(Gonna be a player)]
[Unstringable Fuse]
[Splendid Fuse]
[(A super hunter)]
[(Super slayer)]
[Cuz I'm back in this game]
[So let's go]
["Arise from the shadow of the wound, and sing softly.]
["Arise" (謳然謳う残像の傷(しょう))
[Cuz I'm back in this game]
[We can survive]
["A glimpse of the best.]
["Ranker's high.]
[The pain inside us]
[(Remember the pain)]
[(Gonna trap it)]
[(Yeah, yeah)]
[(Uh uh)]
[Should never go away]
[Remember the pain]
[(Gonna trap it)]
[(Continues to accumulate)]
[(Gonna stack it up yeah)]
[(I'm a tap it)]
MediaLink Antelope Chinese Translation
www.medialink.com.hk
Licensed by Aniplex Shanghai
(From the blood of the purified demon lord)
("From the blood of the demon lord Varane.)
"The purified blood of the Demon Lord."
(Liquid extracted, contains powerful magic)
Now it's all here.
Now we've got everything we need.
("The Water of Life".)
(Success rate and number of finished products will depend on intelligence)
(Whether or not you want to make the item, "The Water of Life")
The success rate and the number of finished products
It depends on intelligence...
Mr. Jin-woo, are you okay?
produce
(under construction...)
(Successful production)
(Gets six props, life-giving water)
(A mysterious potion that utilizes powerful magic to cure all diseases.
(You must drink the entire bottle to get the full effect)
The potion of life is complete...
still
Will this really cure mom's drowned sleeper syndrome...
Ayn (name)
It's rare to see you so smart.
(after a verb) indicating the beginning and continuation of an action or a state
Name...
Keyshirin...Keyshirin...
What's its name again?
Mr. Jin-woo is not good at remembering names.
let it be
Your name.
It's Cayce.
As long as the boy is here.
We'll be back in two or three minutes.
When we get back, let's have a party in town.
I'm sure my father will be happy, too.
- Hey...
- I really want to go back and try the effects of the magic water...
Are you listening?
- It's time to party.
- Oh, by the way, there's a runestone in the reward for the quest.
Happy Banquet
(Get Props)
(Gets props)
Nope.
(Set Effect 2 Full Ability Value +10)
Not this one either.
(Set effect 2: +10 to all abilities)
Uh...
(Quest Reward)
("Top Runestones" (Shadow Swap)
Oh, there it is.
(Shadow Swap Level 1)
(Activator can swap places with a Shadow Soldier.)
Shadow Swap...
Meaning wherever the Shadow Soldier is.
Wherever the Shadow Soldier is, he can switch places with him?
In that case...
Ash, I'm sorry. Go home alone.
Hey, where's the party?
After all, the Radice house is on the 80th floor.
It's a little too far to drop by and go home.
What's so...
(Use skill Shadow Swap Level 1)
I'll see you again sometime.
Take care of yourself.
Mr. Jin-woo, I...
Uh-huh?
expression of surprise
(Boss has been killed.
The interior of the dungeon will be restored to its original state)
It's really switched with the soldiers on patrol.
It takes 3 hours to reuse it.
So the rest of the journey...
Kayesi (name)
Using the magic of the hunters as bait to lure the ants out.
And then use a special jamming wave to disrupt their ability to sense each other
To disrupt their ability to sense each other.
Special forces will take this opportunity to infiltrate the nest.
Killing the queen in one fell swoop...is that it?
The question is whether or not the jamming will work.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried.
But the findings are correct.
And the insights we've gotten are the same as ours.
And we've got a plan for evacuation.
If the jamming doesn't work, we have an evacuation plan.
And we're supposed to do it.
It's all about being prepared.
To get the hunters to the island.
be
Besides...
Have you contacted Hunter Sung?
No contact has been made at this time.
Yunho.
It's a rare occasion for us to go out for a drink, so why don't you give me a smile?
That was an interesting topic, wasn't it?
Byung Goo, I don't get it at all.
You'll age faster if you frown like that.
it's none of your business.
S-class therapist Min Byung-go
It's one of the few things in the world
A hunter who retired with all his limbs at a young age.
And a fellow soldier who's been with me through thick and thin.
Including his weird laugh.
Still a weirdo.
You're so smart.
Yunho.
Are you sure you want to go?
Yeah, it is.
You saw Eun-seok's death.
That's why I'm going.
If we let those ants get away with it.
Soon the whole country will be like that.
When did you become such a patriot?
We're going anyway.
Isn't that a better way to put it?
That guy said the same thing.
I would never go.
If you're here to invite me.
Just knock it off...
I came to say goodbye.
After all, this trip could be a lost cause.
I'm going to take the civil service exam.
For the civil service?
I don't want to see that bloodshed again...
That's why I want to become a civil servant.
But I'm only okay with history.
It's probably not a good test, that's all.
Are you good at history?
Don't I love period dramas?
How's that?
But, uh, that's normal.
There's such a thing as struggle.
It's enough that it exists in history.
Yeah, that's right.
It's the hunter who's abnormal.
Think about it.
I probably haven't seen much of it.
Hunters who hate fighting Wraiths
Battles are now commonplace.
Some people even take pleasure in it...
Is that the condition for awakening?
Yunho.
You're frowning again.
Shut up and drink your wine.
Your Excellency has a very bad heart.
What the hell is that?
That's the burn I caused...
She might not be able to drink either.
Even if you drink it.
I don't know what's going to happen.
But...
I've seen it a million times so far.
I've seen the system work wonders.
Originally E-rated, I've grown this far as well...
Just believe it.
Mom...
Please...
Wake up...
I'll keep fighting, I'll keep getting stronger.
All for you.
Please wake up soon...
Mom...
I haven't been able to concentrate today.
Why is that?
Nice warm breeze...
You're Jin-woo.
Right...
How long have I been asleep?
4 years ...
You slept for 4 years...
What about Jenya?
She's fine.
Thank you, Jin-woo.
You kept your promise.
You've gotten so much more mature.
I can't believe I'm covered in bruises like this...
You must have done a lot of things to push yourself, right?
It must be very hard for you...
I'm fine...
It's okay...
Thank you.
your appearance (honorific)
Hmm...
You said the drowned sleeper woke up.
Yes, I know it's unbelievable...
And, uh, there's nothing physically wrong with the patient.
The patient and his family.
want to be discharged immediately...
Jenya, you've grown up so much...
Mom...
Sorry...for making you worry...
All the hard work paid off.
I finally got my real reward.
Thank you for being here today.
As you know.
Nowadays, all over the world, due to
A winged ant-type monster flew in from Jeju Island.
They're causing all kinds of disasters.
Faced with such a situation
The Hunter's Association has decided
To launch the 4th Jeju Island Raid.
In this battle, there are not only domestic S-class hunters.
We'll also be working with Japan.
Addition of 10 S-class hunters to the front line
and hunters up to level A
It will also be responsible for maritime policing and defense of the mainland.
Supporting this operation together
Keeping you all safe.
This time we're going to get it.
Eun Suk-go...
Honestly, I'm scared.
Me too.
But those who are powerless to fight
Must be many times more afraid than we are.
Just get it over with.
This is something that only we, with our power.
We have the power to do it.
We can't let this country
This country can't be an ant's nest.
bastard
Let's see how I can twist that thing...
Yunho is also very reassuring.
Whether it's personality or ability
Someone who can back him up in a pinch.
It's just me and you.
Hey...
When I'm not looking at you, that's it...
Okay, after 4 years of absence, we'll start by cleaning the house.
Let's start by cleaning the house.
The three of us will clean up together.
It's a lot older than it should be.
The dirt doesn't come off too well.
After all, it's the home I grew up in.
That's true.
This is the image I've been waiting for...
nevertheless
And yet the heart is full of uneasiness...
In the course of his activities as a hunter
Have I stepped over the line
The line that must never be crossed
your appearance (honorific)
Huh? What is it?
Has your father been in touch with the family...
By the way, I saw the news.
You've become a hunter.
(nonverbal grunt as interjection)
Your dad was a fireman before he was a hunter.
It's because I think he's
I think he's so cool when he puts his life on the line.
That's why I decided to marry him.
You've got his blood all over you.
I want to be a doctor, too.
I'm going to be a doctor. I'm going to cure people.
Yeah, that's right.
Jenya inherited it too.
Yeah, right?
hello (polite)
Phew...
The press conference was hard work.
(nonverbal grunt as interjection)
And thank you for coming along.
will not (act, happen etc)
That said.
I can't believe he came by after the press conference.
Thomas B. André
S-Class National Power Level Hunters in the United States
I had my hopes up for him, too.
After all, it's at this point in time
That's normal.
But
Those who have the equivalent of national military power
Unlikely to intervene in other countries
yea
But then.
And why would he ...
Maybe it's as he himself said.
Just traveling through.
Or about the yellow hunter.
To give us a hard time.
Or maybe to confirm something.
By the way, there's still no news from Sung Hunter?
Still no news from Sung Hunter?
No, I just got in touch with him.
He should be here soon.
Departure in 4 days
This mission is a long time coming.
It's been our dream for years.
Can you help us?
This is the perfect opportunity to upgrade
It's a shame to let it go.
That's what I would have thought.
I...
It's the magic wavelength...
It's really something.
I can sense it from this distance.
The S-class hunters are now
They're stretching out in the gym right now.
If you're interested.
Should we go over there?
Master Bai
You're still so young. How about some more underhand work?
I'm just a company employee now.
Master Ma
Not many S-class hunters get together like this.
The magic wavelength of the party
I think they're the ones who sent it.
What about the white hunter being suppressed?
But if President Baek were to use his full strength.
Horse hunters shouldn't be able to resist.
How are you?
The guy in the costume.
It's Mr. Ma Dong-suk from the Guild of Fame.
Why doesn't he go all out?
It doesn't feel like the other guy is the one who needs him to let go.
It's not convenient for him to show his strength in front of so many people
When he fights with all his might
It'll turn into a real monster.
So the rumor that he's a shapeshifter hunter is true.
By the way, those guys over there.
They're from the Knights' Guild...
interjection of wonder, shock or admiration
They're here too.
Japan's S-class hunters
and Chairman Takuji Goshima
Uh-huh?
Who's that?
interjection of surprise
He's Sung Jin Woo Hunter, who recently became an S-class.
Looks like a very powerful assassination hunter.
(negative prefix)
He's a mage hunter.
Is that a mage type...
oh (interjection indicating that one has just learned sth)
Isn't that the one who broke our Min Sung's stage?
Sung Hunter?
No wonder the flavor here has changed...
This is actually the top fighting force in this country.
It's a little disappointing.
Maybe it's because I've been watching Mr. Goshima fight.
Don't think they're S-Class at all
I think it's hard to say.
I can't pretend I didn't hear that.
Miss Translation
You were just laughing at us, weren't you?
I can hear it even if I don't speak the language.
You're the president.
May I ask if you're...
This is the Guildmaster of the Order.
President Park Jong-soo
Park Jong-soo?
I've never heard of it.
Mr.... Mr. Chairman is an A-class hunter.
He's not an S-class hunter.
So you probably haven't heard of him.
But we're still one of the top five guilds in the country.
- On the raid here is to act as a guard...
- What are you doing?
It's better if you don't make it worse.
No, they're saying we're weak.
All right, calm down.
It's a great opportunity.
Since we're all here.
Let's have a goodwill tournament.
Only S-class hunters are allowed to compete.
I'm being ostracized, am I?
You can decide the content of the competition.
Sounds good.
But exclude the mage-type and non-combatant hunters.
And non-combat hunters are excluded.
No problem.
So, only combat hunters are in the fight.
Grabbed by the wrist or touched on the back.
And if you fall to the floor, you're ruled a loser.
And it's not one-on-one.
Instead, the whole team is on the field together.
After all, when the time comes to be there
It's almost certain to be a melee.
I get it.
Let's do it.
Our players are
Car hunters, forest hunters, horse hunters.
With four white hunters.
We are the Tabata Hunters, the Kumamoto Hunters.
Hoshino Hunter and Tanaka Hunter, four of us.
in that case
Let's get this goodwill tournament started.
["The worst person in the history of mankind has come to visit me.]
["The lowest servant in the history of mankind.]
["I want to monopolize the taste of the apex that I see at the bottom.]
["I want to monopolize the taste of the top that I see from the bottom.]
[unassuming skill unassuming face]
[Pattoshinai Skills Pattoshinai Face]
[BAD SITUATION]
[BADなSituation]
[mundane project mad thrill]
[hurting and shinning skateboards mad pleasure]
[Hacking my brain 脳 脫ぎ捨てる]
[Hacking My 脳內 脱ぎ捨てる]
"I'm Upgrading Alone
(#21 It's all worth it)
["Sorry, sorry, I'm going to leave you guys behind.]
["Sorry, sorry, I'm going to leave you alone.]
[Solo Solo Leveling beyond now?]
[Solo Solo Leveling Beyond Shacho?]
[Good bye my weakness, drive my world]
[No One Can Touch Unlimited Revolution Hunting]
[Who's touching the Infinite Revolution Hunting]
[Hello, my braveness, rise and burst]
[S-Class Rescue, I'll do my best.]
[S-Class Rescue Holding]
[As long as I can guard you]
["I'll protect you.]
["The worst masterpiece has arrived." "The strongest me." "It's my calling.]
["The lowest masterpiece descends." "The strongest me." "It's my calling.]
MediaLink Antelope Chinese Translation
www.medialink.com.hk
Licensed by Aniplex Shanghai
(♪ We need heroes ♪ ♪ We need heroes ♪ ♪ We need heroes ♪ ♪ We need heroes ♪)